 In order to begin, please put your attention on your breath for a few moments.
silence: 8.0
 Bye.
silence: 53.0
 Imagine that in your heart is a beautiful white lotus blossom. It opens all its petals and from the center of the lotus blossom out comes a golden beam of light that fills you from head to toe.
silence: 19.0
 Now think of someone that you care about and let the golden light from the center of your heart fill that person from head to toe.
silence: 16.0
 Think of more people you're close to. Bring them to mind one by one and fill each of them with the gold and light from the lotus blossom in your heart.
silence: 193.0
 Think of your acquaintances, people like your neighbors, your coworkers, people you see in stores and restaurants you frequent. Again, bring them to mind one by one and fill each of them with the golden light from the center of your heart.
silence: 108.0
 Think of someone you find difficult and let the light from your heart fill that person.
silence: 14.0
 Let the golden light from the center of your heart fill everyone in this room.
silence: 8.0
 and everyone here at Buddha House.
silence: 11.0
 Let the golden light from your heart go out to all the neighbors around here.
silence: 5.0
 and to all the animals.
silence: 2.0
 The cows, the deer, the birds.
silence: 21.0
 Keep opening your heart so that the golden light goes further and further.
silence: 2.0
 Until it fills everyone in Germany.
silence: 8.0
 until it fills everyone in Europe.
silence: 25.0
 Open your heart so wide that the golden light goes out and fills every living being on this planet.
silence: 2.0
 Humans, animals.
silence: 2.0
 Forest. Fields.
silence: 47.0
 Now put your attention back on yourself.
silence: 2.0
 Back in your own heart.
silence: 2.0
 And notice as the golden light goes out to fill the world. The first thing it does is fill you.
silence: 6.0
 Now let the lotus blossom in the center of your heart close its petals, trapping the light inside.
silence: 3.0
 If you anchor this lotus in your heart, that much love is always available.
silence: 5.0
 May all beings everywhere be happy.
