 In order to begin, please put your attention on your breath for a few moments.
silence: 44.0

silence: 28.0
 Imagine that in your heart is a fountain, a fountain that sends out droplets of love.
silence: 2.0
 Let this fountain in your heart send its droplets of love throughout your whole being.
silence: 30.0
 Now think of someone that you really care about and let the fountain of love in your heart send its droplets of love raining down on that person
silence: 18.0
 Think of other people you care about. Bring them to mind one by one and let the fountain in your heart send its droplets of love, showering each of them.
silence: 101.0
 Think of your acquaintances. Again, bring them to mind one by one and let the fountain in your heart send its droplets of love raining down on each of them.
silence: 112.0
 Think of someone you find difficult, and let the fountain in your heart send its droplets of love to that person as well.
silence: 17.0
 that the fountain of love in your heart sends its droplets of love to everyone in this room.
silence: 6.0
 and to everyone here at Buddha House.
silence: 13.0
 Let that fountain in your heart become stronger so that it can send its droplets of love to everyone here in the village.
silence: 6.0
 And to all the houses, all the people in all the houses around here.
silence: 7.0
 Let the droplets of love from the fountain in your heart rain down on the animals.
silence: 10.0
 Just keep opening your heart wider and wider so the droplets of love go further and further.
silence: 4.0
 So they cover all of the Alps, all the people and animals that are near and on the Alps.
silence: 7.0
 Let that fountain grow stronger so the droplets of love rain down all over Europe.
silence: 12.0
 Open your heart wider still so the droplets of love rain down on every living being on this planet.
silence: 41.0
 Now put your attention back on yourself and notice as the droplets of love go out all over the planet. The first thing that happens is they fill you.
silence: 13.0
 May all beings everywhere be happy.
